#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=dev --output-file=- setup.cfg
#
aiobotocore==2.2.0
    # via s3fs
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.10.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
anyio==3.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx-external-toc
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
bleach==5.0.0
    # via nbconvert
botocore==1.24.21
    # via aiobotocore
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-external-toc
colorama==0.4.4
    # via nbdime
debugpy==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
decopatch==1.4.10
    # via pytest-cases
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbsphinx
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-panels
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.15.3
    # via nbformat
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2022.3.0
    # via
    #   pins (setup.cfg)
    #   s3fs
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.27
    # via nbdime
humanize==4.0.0
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   myst-nb
    #   sphinx
importlib-resources==5.7.0
    # via
    #   pins (setup.cfg)
    #   sphinx-jupyterbook-latex
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.13.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
    #   pins (setup.cfg)
ipython==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-server
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   nbsphinx
    #   notebook
    #   pins (setup.cfg)
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.0
    # via botocore
joblib==1.1.0
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   nbformat
jupyter-book==0.12.3
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
jupyter-cache==0.4.3
    # via myst-nb
jupyter-client==7.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-mathjax
    #   nbdime
jupyter-server-mathjax==0.2.5
    # via nbdime
jupyter-sphinx==0.3.2
    # via myst-nb
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.1
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.0
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.13.8
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
latexcodec==2.0.1
    # via pybtex
linkify-it-py==1.0.3
    # via jupyter-book
makefun==1.13.1
    # via
    #   decopatch
    #   pytest-cases
markdown-it-py==1.1.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.2.8
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-parser
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
myst-nb==0.13.2
    # via jupyter-book
myst-parser==0.15.2
    # via myst-nb
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbsphinx
    #   notebook
nbdime==3.1.1
    # via jupyter-cache
nbformat==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   nbsphinx
    #   notebook
nbsphinx==0.8.8
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.10
    # via widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   siuba
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pandas==1.4.2
    # via
    #   pins (setup.cfg)
    #   siuba
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pip-tools==6.6.0
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.1
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.7.2
    # via
    #   pins (setup.cfg)
    #   sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.1.1
    # via
    #   pins (setup.cfg)
    #   pytest-dotenv
pytest-cases==3.6.11
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
pytest-dotenv==0.5.2
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via pytest-dotenv
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pins (setup.cfg)
    #   pybtex
    #   siuba
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-external-toc
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   nbdime
    #   sphinx
s3fs==2022.3.0
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
siuba==0.2.1
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   jsonschema
    #   latexcodec
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.2
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbsphinx
    #   pins (setup.cfg)
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-comments
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-external-toc
    #   sphinx-jupyterbook-latex
    #   sphinx-multitoc-numbering
    #   sphinx-panels
    #   sphinx-thebe
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
sphinx-book-theme==0.1.10
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-comments==0.0.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.0
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-external-toc==0.2.4
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-jupyterbook-latex==0.4.6
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-multitoc-numbering==0.1.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-panels==0.6.0
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-thebe==0.1.1
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-togglebutton==0.3.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.4.2
    # via jupyter-book
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.35
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   siuba
stack-data==0.2.0
    # via ipython
terminado==0.13.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   pep517
    #   pytest
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   nbsphinx
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via aioitertools
uc-micro-py==1.0.1
    # via linkify-it-py
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.3.2
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
widgetsnbextension==3.6.0
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.0
    # via aiobotocore
xxhash==3.0.0
    # via pins (setup.cfg)
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
